Remove unused communication methods (#3936)
pymc-devs/pymc: GOVERNANCE.md

Anyone can be a Contributor. Contributors can be affiliated with any legal
entity or none. Contributors participate in the project by submitting,
reviewing and discussing GitHub Pull Requests and Issues and participating in
open and public Project discussions on GitHub, Slack, Gitter chat rooms and mailing lists. The foundation of Project participation is openness
and transparency.

> There have been over 100 Contributors to the Project, whose contributions are listed in the logs of other repositories of the PyMC and projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There have been over 100 Contributors to the Project, their contributions are listed in the logs of the PyMC repositories as well as those of associated projects.
```
